Separate problem definition and context (#28190)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/upgrading/upgrading_version_8.adoc

. Run `gradle wrapper --gradle-version {gradleVersion}` to update the project to {gradleVersion}.
. Try to run the project and debug any errors using the <<troubleshooting.adoc#troubleshooting, Troubleshooting Guide>>.

[[changes_8.8]]
== Upgrading from 8.7 and earlier

=== Potential breaking changes

==== Changes in the Problems API

We implemented several refactorings around the Problems API.
One notable change is the separation if a problem definition and contextual information.
The complete design spec is available here: https://docs.google.com/document/d/1T_vM-Upa23aA21sanFTTLZa3j9xV6R32djJk6-muWzI/edit#heading=h.610fausqnpu6
Implementing the spec, we introduced the following breaking changes to the `ProblemSpec` interface:

> the `label(string)` and `description(String) methods are replaced with the `id(String, String)` method and its overloaded variants.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- The `label(String)` and `description(String)` methods have been replaced with the `id(String, String)` method and its overloaded variants.
```
